Adding Monarch Money docs (#34327)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/monarch_money.markdown

---
title: Monarch Money
description: Instructions on the Monarch Money Integration for personal finance.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
  - Finance
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling

> ha_release: 2024.9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_release: "2024.10"
```

ha_codeowners:
  - '@jeeftor'
ha_domain: monarch_money
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_integration_type: service
---

> [Monarch Money](https://www.monarchmoney.com) is a personal finance aggrigation and budgeting service that ties in with all 3 major financial back ends: Plaid, MX and FinCity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Monarch Money](https://www.monarchmoney.com) is a personal finance aggregation and budgeting service that integrates with Plaid, MX, and FinCity, the three major financial backends.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites

- You need a Monarch Money account to use this integration.
- Your account credentials. This integration supports both `username` and `password` login, as well as accounts configured with `MFA`.

```
Maybe something like this? Please correct me if I got this wrong.

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Prerequisites
```

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Setup Guide

This integration supports both `username` and `password` login, as well as accounts configured with `MFA`.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
I think this could go into a Prerequisites section, as account and credentials are needed before adding the integration.

---
title: Monarch Money
description: Instructions on the Monarch Money Integration for personal finance.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
  - Finance
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_release: "2024.10"
ha_codeowners:
  - '@jeeftor'
ha_domain: monarch_money
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_integration_type: service
---

[Monarch Money](https://www.monarchmoney.com) is a personal finance aggregation and budgeting service that integrates with Plaid, MX, and FinCity, the three major financial backends.

## Prerequisites

- You need a Monarch Money account to use this integration.

> - Your account credentials. This integration supports both `username` and `password` login, as well as accounts configured with `MFA`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You need account credentials. This integration supports both `username` and `password` login, as well as accounts configured with `MFA`.
```

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> ### Accounts & Devices

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Accounts & devices
```

> Each `account` will be set up as a device in Home Assistant, and it will contain the following sensors:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each `account` is set up as a device in Home Assistant and contain the following sensors:
```
